API-7561: new wh 3.3 configuration docs updated (#796)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/configuration-api/v3.3/index.mdx

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### `customer_session_fields_updated`

> Informs that a chatting Customer session fields are updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs that a chatting Customer's session fields were updated.
```
